why the name of Rage Against the Machine
it just seemed appropriate but that
thing that is that we do that came up
with the name it was originally going to
be the exact plate in a hardcore band
called inside out and was really going
to be the name of the next inside out
record but it seemed very appropriate
for the kind of music we were playing in
the attitude and the politics we're
coming across
I was wondering which machine you the
rages again the fax machine pinball
machine machine can be anything from
like the from the police on the streets
of Los Angeles who can pull motorist
from their cars and beat them to a pulp
and get away from it to the overall of
international state capitalist machinery
that tries to make you just a mindless
cog and to you know have no not not to
think critically and never to confront
the system but just to kind of behave
and look forward to the weekend and the
next six-pack of beer Rage Against the
Machine bassist Tim Commerford was
arrested after he disrupted the show by
climbing farther than that the next time
they came out from commercial break I
wanted people to see destruction this
guy is rock and roll he should be given
it was just one of those things we were
liking once I was up there it's like wow
now what are you going to do they were
embarrassed and humiliated and
frustrated because they could not get
the cat out of the tree
to be honest with you I thought it was a
beautifully honest act of frustration
since he spent one night in jail pleaded
guilty to disorderly conduct and was
released on time served
[Music]
I myself has been run down on the
sidewalk by 15 maybe we should have
gotten out of the way when you were told
next why should it maybe need three
months and into the one of the start of
this band Public Enemy you know asked us
to play a gig with them up in San Luis
Obispo so you know I think they were a
band you know like Public Enemy for them
to be supportive of us meant meant a lot
to me was a really cool thing you know
that they they wanted us you know to
open for them and they're you know
they're really cool guys um they seem to
be into you know what we're doing you
know the ones I don't think they would
have had us playing with them
the guitar has two pickups right the
volume for one of them is turned to zero
so you don't care anything the volume on
the other ones turn to ten boo so it's
very loud when you switch between the
two it acts as a kill switch so if you
add like a little sort of white noise to
that and rub your fingers along the
strings you get a little
[Applause]
Oh
please
living in the States you're living in
one of the most frugal societies in
history of the world you know the
country who inherited the genocide of
Native American people's a country which
participated in chattel slavery you know
the only country in the world to use and
drop an atomic bomb on another country
society near the country which which
murdered and enslaved millions in
Southeast Asia as a result of the
Vietnam War and be drew from from the
people who resisted we were inspired
because we feel that that any society or
any government or any system that is set
up solely to profit or loss eClass while
the majority of people toil and suffer
and sell their labor power so long as
that systems only true motive is profit
interest and not the maintenance and and
embedder meant of the population to
meeting human needs then that society
should not stand it should be challenged
in questioning overthrown
[Music]
by